Hello? Hello. Hi, are you the property owner on East Harry Avenue? I am. I go and check
your property about a week ago and I was wondering if you could finish an order for cash. They
can get offers. Well can you tell me a little bit more about the property and what you have
under it? It's a five bedroom, two baths. The kitchen and the main bathroom both need
remodeling. We have a three car garage, full basements, two lots. I just put a new flooring
in there. I have carpet that's a little, that's a few years old. Yeah, that's about it. Okay
and the kitchen? Needs updating badly. Needs updating badly? Okay. That's okay. How about
the bathroom? The bathrooms? They need work. They need work as well? Okay. And the bedrooms
are fine? Yeah. Okay. I mean I see a range right now. I can see a range of the bathroom
because I need to come and walk the property and see if I can get myself a real offer.
My range is around 160 to 210. That sound about good to you? Yeah. We do all cash offers
too. Okay. What's the ballpark in mind for you though? What's in your mind? Right where
I want it to be. That's where you want it to be? Yep. Okay. Yeah. I plan on putting
it on the market this week. Probably by the end of the week. I'm going to be there on
Wednesday if you want to walk through it. Yeah, that would be fun with me. What time
for you? Say two o'clock. Two o'clock? Yeah. One or two. Either one. Okay. I want to make
sure the numbers are right before I come walk the property. You know what I mean? I don't
want to waste your time or my time. You know what I mean? And we do all cash. Yep. I'll
save you the real estate fees and closing costs if you're wanting to sell your property
and all the people coming in your house. Well, I have a realtor right now, but it's a friend
of mine. I do plan on putting the house up on sale probably by the end of the week. You
can take a look through it. If the offer is where I need it to be or where I want it to
be, we'll talk. If it's lower than that, then I won't. I'm not going to close balls. I'm
just going to put it in the description for 90 grand or something. That's not evidence.
I know you guys look through taxes and stuff and you think I don't have my taxes paid,
but if you look again, you'll notice that they're paid up in full. So I'm not worried
about that at all. Yeah, that's great that everything's paid off. I just look for properties
that are vacant and they need some work and then I'll buy it. I have a tenant in there.
No, we want to...
Perfect. Yeah, just perfect. No, I'm just saying I look for houses that need a little
bit of work to it and I just try and... Yeah.
Okay. I'll be there Wednesday. How many times? Between 12 and 2, I'll be there.
Okay, perfect.
I'll give you a call around... Wait, what time can I give you a call?
I mean, I'm up by like 8 or 9 in the morning. I'm a normal person.
Yeah, I know what you mean. 8 or 9. Yeah, I can give you a call around 9, around maybe
tomorrow. Yeah. I'm taking off here. I'll probably leave here like around 10 or 11.
I don't have much left. I just got to paint some ceilings. I've been blowing it off, but
I hate painting ceilings. I just got to finish that up and then I'm pretty much washing my
hands with this thing and I'm going to sell it as it is.
Perfect, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'd love to take it as it is, you know. Yeah. But it seems
like your friend's kind of listed for you, you know. But I mean, because I want to come
out there and purchase a house for cash. Right. Yeah. So I mean, is there a number you have
in mind that you want for it? I mean, I'd like to get 150. 150? At least, at the very,
very least. I don't know. I mean, it's hard to say. Real estate's a tough one. You know,
I want what I get are two different things. I mean, I'd like to get 180 for it, but I
highly doubt I will. Yeah, you know, it doesn't work to it, you know. It works to it, exactly.
Zillow has it listed at around 210, I think, last time I checked, but I doubt that's even
correct, or it isn't in perfect order. I doubt that was the most correct estimate. Yeah,
it's a mess sometimes, you know. But I don't have access to the MLS, so that's all I got.
They actually estimated at 193 right now. I know some houses have just gone on the market
there for like a buck 40, and they were three bedroom houses, so I might be able to do that.
So I have options here, so. Yeah, so I mean, I just need to come look at it, you know.
And yeah, I just need to put my numbers together to see how much I would turn on to get on it,
you know what I mean? Yep, I understand. Yeah. Okay. I mean, it seems like we're on the same
page on this. You know, I'll give you a call back, you know, tomorrow, and we'll set up an
appointment and go from there. Okay. Well, like I said, there between two and, I'm sorry,
12 and two tomorrow. 12 and two? 12 and two, yeah. 12 and two. Okay, perfect. Okay, and I can give
you a call around like 10. Sure. Okay, perfect. Works. Perfect. Okay, what was your name?
Todd Raven. Todd Raven? Okay, Todd. Your name was? Emilio. All right, nice to meet you, Emilio.
Nice to meet you too. Thank you for your time. Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye.

